"Now is it, 'Diplomacy is the art of war pursued by other men,'" asked Ivan, "or was it the other way around?"
Even for June, it was ungodly hot as Gemma Ralston pulled into a nearly deserted parking lot and slid her Mercedes SLK into a spot just in front of the brick-and-mortar offices of Video-Glam.
The stars, like all man\u2019s other ventures, were an obvious impracticality, as rash and improbable an ambition as the first venture of man onto Earth\u2019s own great oceans, or into the air, or into space.
It was a story passed from mother to daughter.
It was well said of a certain German book that "er lasst sich nicht lesen" --it does not permit itself to be read.
Never does a star grace this land with a poet's light of twinkling mysteries, nor does the sun send to here its rays of warmth and life.
Now single up all lines!"
It was on a sunny summer day in June that my brother got religion.
There were three watchers, two men and a boy.
The slave who came to fetch me on that unseasonably warm spring morning was a young man, hardly more than twenty.
Two days ago, I decided to kill myself.
In twilight I approached the doors, and in twilight they stood open for me.
Mr. Arnold Waite\u2013husband, parent, man of his word\u2013invariably leaned back in his chair after his second cup of breakfast coffee and looked with some disbelief at his wife and two children.
In years gone, women and men are cutting a line across the dirtland and dragging history with them.
The glass is empty, apart from a foamy film in the bottom.
On top of the cabinet in the back of my father\u2019s workshop \u2013 which was my grandfather\u2019s workshop and will one day be mine, if I want it \u2013 there is a puppet.
In the corner of a first-class smoking carriage, Mr Justice Wargreave, lately retired from the bench, puffed at a cigar and ran in interested eye through the political news in the Times.
The children were playing while Holston climbed to his death; he could hear them squealing as only happy children do.
I am warm and safe in the den, with my two siblings.
The Galactic Empire Was Falling.
The switch was flipped, and she dropped into the darkness.
At the time I first realized I might be fictional, my weekdays were spent at a publicly funded institution on the north side of Indianapolis called White River High School, where I was required to eat lunch at a particular time-between 12:37 p.m. and 1:14 p.m.-by forces so much large than myself that I couldn't even begin to identify them.
The Cave will always have a slightly damp smell, of limestone and tepid water, despite Alfred\u2019s best attempts at airing it out.
Three kilometers beneath the surface of Yuuzhan'tar--the world once known as Coruscant--the sound of chanting drifted up a shaft nearly as wide as it was deep, the melancholy strains yearning toward the few distant stars that could be seen from the bottom.
Jupiter Jones heard the truck turn off the Coast Highway.
The tale is told of a time when Haken Rafi the accursed, the theif, the blackhearted, when this nefarious infidel violated the Temple of the Faith in the fabled city of Ravan and stole the golden jeweled urn of Aeshma from before the Bahram fire itself.
Lasagna is a very wide, flat pasta, sometimes with wavy edges.
The surviving Cygnaran rangers ran through the darkness, crashing heedlessly through the thick underbrush.
Lance tapped the beat of A Chorus Line's "What I Did for Love" on Allie's bedroom door.
For a week Mr. R. Childan had been anxiously watching the mail.
The sun rose slowly, as if it wasn't sure it was worth all the effort.
London is a metropolis, but if you're born and raised there, it seems a lot smaller sometimes.
Shy gave the horse her heels, its forelegs buckled and, before she had a notion what was happening, she and her saddle had bid each other a sad farewell.
With the brassy tocsin of his morning alarm clock, John Michaelson\u2019s weary eyes exploded open.
We live and die for Huron Blackheart!'
He shouldn't have taken the shortcut.
He practically fell on top of Rita, his hand grazing her left breast in the complete darkness.
Once upon a time, there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person.
When I was small, I never wanted to step in puddles.
At the peak of a golden career Liu Yan lost control of the very limbs that experts say made her dances so magical.
I was born twice: first, as a baby girl, on a remarkably smogless Detroit day in January of 1960; and then again, as a teenage boy, in an emergency room near Petoskey, Michigan, in August of 1974.
The animatronic was gone.
I got to Hollywood around one-thirty and started trying to check into the Rialto
We had now reached the summit of the loftiest crag.
There was something cathartic about wielding a crowbar.
Dawn came to the Congo rain forest
The war party from Faide Keep moved eastward across the downs: a column of a hundred armored knights, five hundred foot soldiers, a train of wagons.
"Excuse me, another round of Bloodys, please?"
There was a baby born named Ida.
Veldt to scrub to fields to farms to these first tumbling houses that rise from the earth.
The end of the year brought the usual holiday festivities, though around the Frazier house there was little to cheer.
The stretch of road that leads out of the city, past Hazy Harbor and into the town of Tedia, is perhaps the most unpleasant in the world.
The first time he noticed her, he only saw her eyes.
Kim walked slowly through the crowd, slipping in and out of traffic almost without thinking.
There were four of us\u2014George, and William Samuel Harris, and myself, and Montmorency.
"By means of certain myths which cannot easily be damaged or debased the majority of us survive.
I've never been afraid of ghosts.
Gramlax the Mighty raised his broadsword overhead and swung it mightily, roaring, "You fellows will certainly pay!"
I awoke one morning with the usual perplexity of mind which accompanies the return of consciousness.
No one expected significant consequences from the Battle of Arsia Mons on Mars.
"Crime," declared the police captain, "is everywhere, crime, crime!"
You cause the death of one measly terrorist and suddenly nobody knows what to do with you.
Through the curtained windows of the furnished flat which Mrs. Horace Hignett had rented for her stay inNew York, rays of golden sunlight peeped in like the foremost spies of some advancing army.
On an afternoon in September 1964, the ears of the inhabitants of Algiers were unpleasantly assaulted by an uproar from the skies.
There was a girl who died every morning, and it would not have been a problem except that she kept bees.
John ejaculated with such strength as if to say "I love you Mary."
This is the tale of Bradley after he left Fort Dinosaur upon the west coast of the great lake that is in the center of the island.
Many years ago, I contracted an intimacy with a Mr. William Legrand.
George stood at the podium and looked out over the seminar room at the faces turned up towards him: some familiar, some new.
It has now been a mere two score of years since we had the honor to have our work, Toward Beginning a Survey of Some Events Contributing To the Fall of the Empire, rejected by Lord Tri'ari and Master Vrei of the Institute.
This is the story of the Going Home.
This Friday before winter break, my mom packed me an overnight bag and a few deadly weapons and took me to a new boarding school.
The sweat wis lashing oafay Sick Boy;  he wis trembling.
The day the earth shook and a stranger fell from the sky, was the same day that Peregrine "Peri" Smythe was stuck in a tree.
In my earliest memory, my grandfather is bald as a stone when he takes me to see the tigers.
When Gregor Samsa woke one morning from troubled dreams, he found himself transormed right there in his bed into some sort of monstrous insect.
Spells are the hardest thing in the world to get right.
There was a God once, of course there was.
I am, my friends agree, a fairly easy-going sort of chap, not quick to anger or to fear.
The big man had the brains of a tortoise, but even he was beginning to look alarmed.
"Man, you won't believe what happened to me tonight," Dave declared, bursting into our dorm room, "but first I gotta go beat off!"
The last notes of her song were fading out of the room as Saina rose carefully from the foot of the bed.
There were twenty-two days to go before Christmas, but Lenny was doing his Christmas shopping early this year.
I drove to the doctor's office as if I was starring in a movie Phillip was watching\u2014windows down, hair blowing, just one hand on the wheel.
Karkat woke up angry.
The king's grayships spread out down the length of the coastline, their red-streaked sails visible between the palm trees.
I bet I can see London from here, I was thinking.
They shoot the white girl first.
Amidst dim candlelight, a single unicorn sat with his head bent down, eyes shut.
Lucas walked around the empty apartment.
It is a warm summer evening, and by the light of a full white moon, I, John Whitman Sutter, am watching my wife, Susan Stanhope Sutter, as she rides her horse Zanzibar across the quiet acres of Stanhope Hall, her ancestral estate.
What's surprised me most about seeing my sister dead is the lingering smirk on her face.
Three children ran down a rocky path to the seashore.
How is a road beaten down through the virgin snow?
Blood leaves no stain on a Warden's gray cloak.
Everyone my age remembers where they were and what they were doing when they first heard about the contest.
Sana sat on the edge of the boat waiting for the sun to rise from behind the mountains.
Prince Jehal felt the dragon take to the air.
On the day we're the last  people to see indie kid Finn alive, we're all sprawled together in the Field, talking about love and stomachs.
The outing hd been planned on a whim; an afternoon lesson up in the hills, away from the smoke and stink of the city.
In his office at the Terran Import Bureau of Standards, the tall man gathered up the morning's memos from their wire basket, and, seating himself at his desk, arranged them for reading.
The Widow Arden and her two daughters lived in a one-room cottage just outside the village of Mortlak, less than a mile from the river Thames.
That fool of a fairy Lucinda did not intend to lay a curse on me.
Kol Badar glared across the expanse of the cavaedium.
Out of the corner of his eye, Special Agent Gabriel Ruiz watched his new partner with serious trepidation.
The prince was dead.
Martha was up at 5am.
When I was ten, I saw a man named Menley brought out to the Ocean of Starve.
After the firestorm, Sally Quinn entered the concrete meditation labyrinth her husband had built for her on their country estate in St. Mary\u2019s County, Maryland, to think.
In her soft-carpeted, thick-curtained, richly furnished chamber, Mrs. Marroner lay sobbing on the wide, soft bed.
Down in the laundry room with the bloody-wet floors and the ceiling-high stacks of sheets, wraps, and blankets, Vinita Lynch was elbows-deep in a vat of dirty pillowcases because she'd promised - she'd sworn on her mother's life - that she'd find a certain windup pocket watch belonging to Private Hugh Morton before the device was plunged into a tub of simmering soapy water and surely destroyed for good.
It's hard to get lost when you're coming home from work.
Cautiously the young flight engineer stretched his cramped legs across some gadgets in his crowded little compartment.
For months the great pleasure excursion to Europe and the Holy Land was chatted about in the newspapers everywhere in America and discussed at countless firesides.
Imagine a movie so incomprehensible that you find yourself compelled to watch it over and over again.
On they went, singing "Eternal Memory," and whenever they stopped, the sound of their feet, the horses and the gusts of wind seemed to carry on their singing.
The men greeted each other, wearing various smiles on their faces.
I believe the question, then," says Vasily Yaroslav, "is one of intent.
Most relationships end in a breakup,
The thing was: One million years ago, back in 1986 A. D., Guayaquil was the chief seaport of the little South American democracy of Ecuador, whose capital was Quito, high in the Andes Mountains.
THERE WERE THINGS Dillard Wayne Early Jr. dreaded more than the start of school at Forrestville High.
I write this sitting in the kitchen sink.
The galaxy known as Celestine was home to twenty million sentient species, four hundred billion suns and one million inhabitable planets.
Halia knew it would be simple to steal the gems.
It didn't start out here.
Rose shifted uncomfortably on the tree branch.
"Okay, that's the Grand Admiral contained-"
"You're out of work."
All around her the street walls were dripping in fog as Chris Colquohoun made her way up the Gallowgate, yellow fog that hung tiny veils on her eyelashes, curled wet, and had in her throat the acrid taste of an ancient smoke.
He sat in the shade of the trees at the edge of the cliff, watching the leaves fall slowly, whirling, blowing, dancing down through the air, eventually to fall into the sea.
Adrana had always hated Doctor Morcenx.
Dad twisted away from the steering wheel and glared, the veins in his leathery neck and temple bulging.
If all the Saturdays of 1982 can be thought of as one day, I met Tracey at ten a.m. on that Saturday, walking through the sandy gravel of a churchyard, each holding our mother's hand.
He had been their leader, but now there was no-one to lead.
It was like riding in a treasure chest, Ling thought.
Malcolm Jones turned his battered old Mercedes into his driveway and pulled up as close to Jenny's Camry as he could get.
3 May. Bistritz.\u2014Left Munich at 8:35 P. M., on 1st May, arriving at Vienna early next morning; should have arrived at 6:46, but train was an hour late.
The platform clock showed twenty to three.
Ponyville looked like a tiny model underneath the clouds.
My name is Odd Thomas, though in this age when fame is the altarat which most people worship, I'm not sure why you should care who I am or that I exist.
"AAHHH" she screamed in horror as her infant rocketed from inside her towards the free world.
I shall clasp my hands together and bow to the corners of the world.
Alex knelt in front of his new terrarium, peering through the glass as he searched for a sign of his latest pet.
Mother taught me to be polite to dragons.
It was a dull autumn day and Jill Pole was crying behind the gym.
The day begins in the middle of the night, I am not paying attention to anything but the bass in my hand, the noise in my ears.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was always of opinion that I should publish the singular facts connected with Professor Presbury, if only to dispel once for all the ugly rumours which some twenty years ago agitated the university and were echoed in the learned societies of London.
I could have become a mass murderer after I hacked my governor module, but then I realized I could access the combined feed of entertainment channels carried on the company satellites.
It reminds her of dust-dirt-sand-rock, familiar in a way that's been burned into her eyes over the years.
The man who was not Terrence O'Grady had come quietly.
When Pat MacGregor received an invitation from Bruce Anderson to meet him for coffee at the Elephant House on George IV bridge, her first reaction was to delete it.
"To the man who loves art for its own sake," remarked Sherlock Holmes, tossing aside the advertisement sheet of the Daily Telegraph, "it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived."
Vivienne Small lived in a treehouse.
Persephone stood on the bare mountaintop, her ruffled ivory dress whipping around her legs, her masses of white-blond curls streaming behind her.
John\u2019s my name, and those who know me know that it\u2019s no brag for me to say that I\u2019ve been in many a strange place and seen many a strange thing.
There were prodigies and portents enough, One-Eye says.
Sometimes, it's more than a bit of a tragedy that real life can't be structured like a film.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had popped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversations?"
It was Kate who, long after she had grown up, completed the story of the borrowers.
He had dreamed about her.
The rules of the New Haven Youth League required that each kid played at least ten minutes in each game.
The point is not to make another Earth.
I was born in 1892 on the banks of the Mississippi, in that muddied, mongrel part of the world where the East and West are separated only by the coalsmoke-scummed river.
For the fifty-first time (according to his laptop), Oscar studied the riot video from Worcester.
The dawn blushed; not because it was embarrassed (that doesn\u2019t even make sense), but because light bends funny.
The warm June night breeze wound through the gently swaying Georgia pines, making their needle boughs hiss like the whisk of industrious brooms dragging slowly across a cabin floor.
When she wakes up, the floor isn't there.
I was not yet one day old when Cookmother found me on the doorstep of the Tribequeen's kitchen.
At the end of a hot November day Miss Baines and Mrs Williams of the Ladies' Frocks Department at Goode's were complaining to each other as they changed out of their black frocks before going home
They returned his coat to her intact, though bleached by the sun, marked with gunpowder and mud, and homes by sword and musket-ball.
The witch had a favorite saying: where there\u2019s life, there\u2019s magic.
The moonlight is shining on the foot of my bed, lying there like a large, bright, flat stone.
As a child when did I first hear about trout fishing in America?
The last time Amethyst Goldsmith saw her king, she was five years old and he was about to have his head severed from his body.
Naval Lieutenant Jart Eyan looked rested and cheerful.
We were still three kloms from King\u2019s X when Carson spotted the dust.
Stubbornly Elijah Baley fought panic.
Nothing would bring Janie back.
Whatever he was, he was not quite a man.
A man of middle age, with a large, drooping moustache and brooding eyes, hunched over the steering wheel and gripped the rim anxiously as he maneuvered his car up a mountain road that was narrow, unpaved and torturous.
"Do your neighbors burn one another alive?"  was how Fraa Orolo began his conversation with Artisan Flec.
I took Tunapi with me to visit the Vadak monastery as I did every twenty cycles.
In the day's last light the glowing lake below the palace-city looked like a sea of molten gold.
Charlie Asher walked the earth like an ant walks on the surface of water, as id the slightest misstep might send him plummeting through the surface to be sucked to the depths below.
The straw is so warm that Damaya doesn't want to come out of it.
For upwards of half an hour now they had watched the runner on the road below the single watchtower of the monastery.
Reyes leaned against the doorframe, fiddling with the string of his tea bag.
Everyone starts somewhere, although many physicists disagree.
Midway in our life's journey, I went astray  from the straight road and woke to find myself  alone in a dark wood.
The fox felt the car slow before the boy did, as he felt everything first.
everything comes to an end.
A tall, slim girl, 'half-past sixteen', with serious grey eyes and hair which her friends called Auburn, had sat down on the broad red sandstone doorstep of a Prince Edward Island farmhouse one ripe afternoon in August, firmly resolved to construe so many lines of Virgil.
Moon had been consort to Jade, sister queen of the Indigo Cloud Court, for eleven days and nobody had tried to kill him yet.
This is the story of a bloodstained boy.
If I don't know enough now, I shall never know enough.
The 4.15 from Victoria to Lewes had been held up at Three Bridges in consequence of a derailment and, though John Lexman was fortunate enough to catch a belated connection to Beston Tracey, the wagonette which was the sole communication between the village and the outside world had gone.
I stood there on the beach and said, "Good-by, Butterfly," and the ship slowly turned, then headed out toward deep water.
One January day, thirty years ago, the little town of Hanover, anchored on a windy Nebraska tableland, was trying not to be blown away.
The first time Caesar approached Cora about running north, she said no.
If it hadn't been for Maggie's magic, the eggs would have tumbled from the basket and shattered when the panting barmaid careened into her.
Newark was left behind and the post-chaise-and-four entered on a stretch of flat country which offered little to attract the eye, or occasion remark.
"Four-hundred and thirty five errors."
The "I" here, you should know, means me, Haruki Murakami, the author of the story.
I was born in the reign of King George VI, backstage at South London's old Brixton Empire during a lull in the Battle of Britain.
The day was unseasonably warm for November, but in some misguided deference to the Chinese embassy, the fire in the Admiralty boardroom had been heaped excessively high, and Laurence was standing directly before it.
On my tenth birthday, six months before she sleepwalked into the river, Mom burned the rabbit cake.
There's blood dripping down her face and it's getting hard to see.
Sandy Blunt straightened the bottles of the Amazingly Miraculous Manticore's Youthifying Tonic on the shelf, but her thoughts were of creamy skin, large blue eyes, and moist red lips.
Watch...this is space.
The huge black clock hand is still at rest but is on the point of making its once-a-minute gesture; that resilient jolt will set a whole world in motion.
Everyone thinks I'm dead.
My first garden was a place no grown-up ever knew about, even though it was in the backyard of a quarter-acre suburban plot.
In a month, four years will have passed since his sister\u2019s death.
Women on their own run in Alice's family.
Nicolas Rathe dragged himself awake at the sound of fists on his door, groped for flint and steel and the candlestick beside his bed.
Mendez, the newest guy in the squad, had been jumpy ever since the worsening solar weather updates started coming in.
They order, said I, this matter better in France.
He was dead, that was sure; but not entirely, and not permanently.
Its hull gleamed in the sunshine as it executed a leisurely turn in the upper atmosphere, retrothrusters punching elliptical holes through the wispy high clouds.
They ran across the little restaurant entirely by accident.
My father's family name being Pirrip, and my Christian name Philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip.
Miss Ariadne Oliver had gone with a friend with whom she was staying, Judith Butler, to help with the preparations for a children's party which was to take place that same evening.
"Damian we don't think this is the best idea."
The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to a cloes and a drowsy silence lay over the large, square houses of Privet Drive.
It is very seldom that mere ordinary people like John and myself secure ancestral halls for the summer.
124 was spiteful.
\u2018So now get up.\u2019
The barber put down the scissors and held the hand-mirror up.
Sadie Kane here.
A lone testicle lay in a barren field.
Simon Dykes, the artist, stood, rented glass in hand, and watched as a rowing eight emerged from the brown brick wall of one building, slide across a band of grey-green water, and then eased into the grey concrete of another building.
The jungle was darkly verdant, secretive, menacing.
Somewhere in the world, an unbearable cry pierced the darkness.
We were halfway up the spur when we heard it.
Castle Kiril was built of flat gray stone, at the edge of a beech and oak forest for which legend was only a matter of time.
The first time is, nominally, a complete accident.
Maybe, just maybe, it had been a mistake to paper the walls with edible drugs.
The guy was dead as hell.
I remember the day the Aleut ship came to our island.
He laid underneath the rear sofa for what felt like and, indeed must have been, hours.
The cold night breeze shifted, blowing stinging smoke from old Teolin's campfire in Mahti's eyes.
"BRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" rang the alarm clock, awakening me from my Gamma Hydroxy Butyrate-induced slumber.
"I think... I might have ruined my life."
The road the Romans made traversed North Wales a little way inland, between the weather off the Irish Sea and the mountains of Gwynedd and Powys; past the copper and the lead that the travel-hungry Empire craved.
The First Lord of the Admiralty was unpopular at Pin Mill.
Unpaved, uneven trails pretended to be roads; they tied the nation's coasts together like laces holding a boot, binding it with crossed strings and crossed fingers.
Waking up dead is the worst.
Tim shouldn\u2019t have gone out alone.
Sometime during your life -- in fact, very soon -- you may find yourself reading a book, and you may notice that a book's first sentence can often tell you what sort of story your book contains.
No one believed it at first.
Before the beginning there was nothing\u2014no earth, no heavens, no stars, no sky: only the mist world, formless and shapeless, and the fire world, always burning.
People who knew Chester and Serena Wolcott socially would have placed money on the idea that the couple would never choose to have children.
A small vagrant breeze came from nowhere and barely flicked the feather tips as the arrow sped on its way.
Swallows darted through the cloud of midges dancing over the mudflats.
For all the family he had watched go down to the sea, Anson had never before seen anyone trying to drown.
Leather was dreadful stuff to wear in the rain.
Amber: high and bright atop Kolvir in the middle of the day.
Kit had only recently found out what a flail was, and now there was a rack of them hanging over his head, shiny and sharp and deadly.
The cat sat in silence on the window sill, doing catlike things while watching his owner tend to the makings of supper.
...it was green, all green, all over me, choking, the water, then boiling at first, and roaring, and seething, till all settled down, cooling, clearing, and my sight up drifting with the few last bubbles, till through the glassy water I see the sky clearly, and the sun bright as a lemon, and birds with wings wide as a windmill's sails slowly drifting round it, and over the bank's rim small dark faces peering, timid as beasts at their watering, nostrils sniffing danger and thy eyes bright and wary, till a current turns  me over, and I drift, and still am drifting, and...
I sit and I hear the words.
He ambled into the room, sat in the indicated chair, and said nothing.
The heel of one of her high-button boots skidded across the stream of blood that seeped out from under the door. "
I hate going to work in the mornings.
No one sends for a niece they've never seen before just to annoy her family and ruin her life.
Everyone in the year 2020 knows about nanobots!
"You're breaking up"
Paul strode purposefully down the street, tripped on a stray tuft of grass, and resumed striding.
We had been riding for two hours when I tugged sharply on the reins to bring my pony to a halt.
Binding circles were bad news, my uncle said.
It all came of a fear of flying.
Reynolds bustles into the living room, carrying two pillows.
I hope I'm getting extra credit for this.
Mum said the fiends usually came after midnight.
Ponyville greeted me like a long-lost friend.
Before the flight I was invited for lunch at a London club with a billionaire I'd been promised had liberal credentials.
The thud of the helicopter is in Zoey's head, her body, vibrating the marrow in her bones.
An anonymous letter!
His name was donald trump; he was an idiot
"Your grandfather," said Vanyel's brawny, fifteen-year-old cousin Radevel, "was crazy."
Anne Wilson stood at the shack's single grimy window and watched a tiny speck in the brilliant blue sky come closer, growing steadily larger until it became what she'd been hoping for\u2014a single-engine plane.
At first thought, you'd think it would be eas to find a missing planet.
"Oh, that's a lot of spiders," Phil muttered as the Ma Deuce opened up.
Herewiss sat cross-legged on the parquet floor, his back braced against the wall, his eyes closed, and concentrated.
Now she was back in the town of her childhood, standing on a corner across from the village triangle of green, a small pyramid of luggage at her feet, Amy's one clear thought was, "Why on earth have I come?"
It is hot today, the wind blows over the flat fields and marshes with the stink of the plague.
A red van turned off the highway into a scrubby, rock-strewn field and came to a stop.
He thought of himself, in the middle of that April, as a man who had made it through another winter.
Slow yellow river flowing, willows that gesture in tepid August airs, and four children playing at greatness, as, doubtless, great men themselves must play.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
Here's a Valentine's Day tale.
The ghost image collapsed into smoke.
The clock on the shelf pointed to five as young Paul Beebe, his hair tousled and his eyes still full of sleep, came into the kitchen.
I peek from behind the tattered velvet curtains at the chattering audience, their mouths full of candied pineapple and kettle corn.
Dark spruce forest frowned on either side the frozen waterway.
"One of these days I'm going to take time off," Spence Olham said at first meal.
The week before I left my family and Florida and the rest of my minor life to go to boarding school in Alabama, my mother insisted on throwing me a going-away party.
I would like it to be clearly understood that this book is not wacky.
As the Manager of the Performance sits before the curtain on the boards, and, looks in to the Fair, a feeling of profound melancholy comes over him in his survey of the bustling place.
It was midnight in Ankh-Morpork's Royal Art Museum.
You have come again.
Solomon Todd was surveying his desk with such satisfaction that Reyes had to go over and look.
The Monday before spring break I told my English Lit class we were going to do Shakespeare
It was about ten o'clock on a November morning in the little village of Blea-on-the-Sands.
The ideas of my friend Watson, though limited, are exceedingly pertinacious.
He was going to die.
The Heart was cold.
Lee is my name, and this is my house, and in my house I await you.
The ship sliced through the ocean like wood through water.
Wyvern sacrifices vary a great deal from temple to temple.
No one knew for certain when the trouble started at the Colgan School.
The correct address of Precious Ramotswe, Botswana's foremost solver of problems - in the sense that this was where she could be found between eight in the morning and five in the afternoon, except when she was not there - was The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency, c/o Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, Gaborone, Botswana.
Maybe he should have been more worried about the ghost detector going off.
The spaceship floated gently, anchored by a break of lavender light to the earth below.
"You do that better than your sisters, Gabe," Mom says to me as I spread the corn masa on the soaked husk and spoon the right amount of shredded spiced beef onto it.
I don't know what makes me turn.
Once, I got lost.
There was no warning the night the wall went up.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way\u2014 in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.
The date was August 31, 1984.
It was the last day of the semester, and Bella could not have been happier.
All day the rain fell upon the island and she waited.
Leaning pipe in mouth on the engine-room rail, I was dreamily watching the rhythmic movement of the huge engines of the Canadian Pacific liner Montauk, on which I was returning to Glasgow after a business visit to Ottawa
I\u2019m not exactly sure when I realised that the life I was living was not my own.
Robert Gladstone approached the ancient lead coffin that occupied the centre of his wine cellar, the night\u2019s sacrifice clutched to his chest and the straight razor heavy in his plump hand.
Life is hard.
I see in Lunaya Pravda that Luna City Council has passed on first reading a bill to examine, license, inspect\u2014and tax\u2014public food vendors operating inside municipal pressure.
The topmost of the Penobscot Bay lighthouse was barely visible, the morning sun reflecting off its watchful eye.
The phone sang as I was looking over the defense's motion to dismiss.
Everything about Councillor Rand is moisturized to the point of buttery softness.
I have been with the Court all my life, travelling with the King's Progress.
You want to know what good is?
On a February morning, when a weather front is moving in off the Pacific but has not quite arrived, and the winds are changeable and gusty and clouds drive over and an occasional flurry of fine rain darkens the terrace bricks, this place conforms to none of the clich\u00e9s about California with which they advertise the Sunshine Cities for the Sunset Years.
The events I am about to relate began on a December afternoon, when I had invited lady Harold Carrington and certain of her friends to tea.
Time is a lot of the things people say that God is.
The history of the Six Duchies is of necessity a history of its ruling family, the Farseers.
A bell clanged.
It occurred as far back as February 15, 1850.
I am on my mountain in a tree home that people have passed without ever knowing that I am here.
She hated the men, with their red-meat hands and dull gazes.
"The whole trouble with your farm," Romano Muscari said, "is that it is too far uphill for the American suntanners, and too low for the German skiers."
Marghe's suit was still open at the neck and wrist, and the helmet rested on the crook of her left arm.
It was the darkest hour of the night, nearly three o\u2019clock in the morning, and the chilling fog clung to the city like a ghost.
Once upon a time, in a lush tropical land of agricultural riches and shining white buildings, there was a young queen who spent the night tied up in a tent, panicking.
"Shark reef number one?" Bob Andrews said.
I was on a train, travelling by day, but it was winter-time \u2013 late December, the very depths \u2013 and to add to it the train was heading north \u2013 to Leningrad \u2013 so it was quickly darkening on the other side of the windows \u2013 bright lights of Moscow stations flashing into view and vanishing again behind me like the scattering of some invisible hand \u2013 each snow-veiled suburban platform with its fleeting row of lamps melting into one fiery ribbon \u2013 the dull drone of a station rushing past, as if the train were roaring over a bridge \u2013 the sound muffled by the double-glazed windows with frames not quite hermetically sealed into fogged-up, half-frozen panes of glass \u2013 pierced even so by the station-lights forcefully etching their line of fire \u2013 and beyond, the sense of boundless snowy wastes \u2013 and the violent sway of the carriage from side to side \u2013 pitching and rolling \u2013 especially in the end corridor \u2013 and outside, once complete darkness had fallen and only the hazy whiteness of the snow was visible and the suburban dachas had come to an end and in the window along with me was the reflection of the carriage with its ceiling-lights and seated passengers, I took from the suitcase in the rack above me a book I had already started to read in Moscow and which I had brought especially for the journey to Leningrad, and I opened it at the page held by a bookmark decorated with Chinese characters and a delicate oriental drawing \u2013 and in my heart of hearts I had no intention of returning the book borrowed from my aunt who possessed a large library, and because it was very flimsy and almost falling apart, I had taken it to a binder who trimmed the pages so that they lay together evenly and enclosed the whole thing in a strong cover on which he pasted the book\u2019s original title-page \u2013 the Diary of Anna Grigor\u2019yevna Dostoyevskaya produced by some liberal publishing-house still possible at that time \u2013 either \u2018Landmarks\u2019, or \u2018New Life\u2019, or one of those \u2013 with dates given in both Old Style and New Style and words and whole phrases in German or French without translation and the de rigueur \u2018Mme\u2019 added will all the diligence of a grammar-school pupil \u2013 a transliteration of the shorthand notes which she had taken during the summer following her marriage abroad.
None of it would have happened if Spider Barnes hadn't tied one on at Eddy's two nights before the Aurora was due to set sail.
I shut the door of the old Victorian behind me, and the stuffy atmosphere closed in: overheated, dry, and redolent of mothballs.
 Once upon a time, an angel and a devil pressed their hands to their hearts and started the apocalypse.
I thought you said you had a car?
She copes.
In the dimness where night gives way to dawn, two fey monarchs met in the center of an oak-encircled clearing.
At the edge of the Everfree, under a purple and darkening sky, Zecora stood over a great iron cauldron that sat upon a flickering fire.
Nothing but stars, scattered across the blackness as though the Creator had smashed the windscreen of his car and hadn't bothered to sweep up the pieces.
To begin with there was one of us, and now - if the news from Crucible is to be believed - there may soon be one of us again.
By the time Phil Chase was elected president, the world's climate was already far along the way to irrevocable change.
The Nurthene uttered some of the usual gibberish before he died.
I do not require life to be neat and orderly.
It was in June of 1935 that I cam home from my ranch in South America for a stay of about six months.
Claudia knew that she could never pull off the old-fashioned kind of running away.
Before the tower, humanity dreamed of flying.
Anthony\u2019s eyes bulged as we all watched, with languid, infinite slowness, his skull float across the cockpit.
Deep in the belly of the volcano, my talons grip the baking rock.
"Of course," they told him in all honesty, "you will be a slave."
I peel back my eyelids, and brightness floods in, forcing me to shut them again.
In a dream Kuraes saw the city in the valley, and the sea-coast beyond, and the snowy peak overlooking the sea, and the gaily painted galleys that sail out of the harbour toward the distant regions where the sea meets the sky.
Turjan sat in his workroom, legs sprawled out from the stool, back against and elbows on the bench.
There was a hand in the darkness, and it held a knife.
There is a hollow, holey cylinder running from hilt to point in my machete.
Why is the measure of love loss?
Moscow can be a cold, hard place in the winter.
Having placed in my mouth sufficient bread for three minutes' chewing, I withdrew my powers of sensual perception and retired into the privacy of my mind, my eyes and face assuming a vacant and preoccupied expression.
There was nothing phoenix-like in my sister\u2019s immolation.
I can feel the heat closing in, feel them out there making their moves, setting up their devil doll stool pigeons, crooning over my spoon and dropper I throw away at Washington Square Station, vault a turnstile and two flights down the iron stairs, catch an uptown A train ...
There is only one paint store in Monrovia, the capital of Liberia.
He was particularly distressed by the scaly appearance of his skin, which he believed was caused by a lizard growing inside his body, the lizard\u2019s skin being evident on his arms and legs.
The Directory-ship Tethys made the first landing on the planet, L21612.
Stories can start pretty much anywhere, when you get right down to it.
School is the armpit of life.
I'm going to die tomorrow morning.
I guess Mom was pretty proud of herself for making me write in that journal last year, because now she went and bought me another one.
Larch often thought that if it had not been for his newborn son, he never would have survived his wife Mikra's death.
Armand Daumal didn't like the idea of wet work, but he even more strongly didn't like what he was hearing about the king.
The screaming marked an end to the say's toil.
At the risk of exposing myself to that dreadful epithet, unorthodox, I am jumping feet-first with you into the past tense.
The heat came with the devil.
The year was 2212, and humanity had branched out into the heavens.
Gerard woke in a dark place.
There was no doubt about it: there was a fox behind the climbing frame.
At midnight he looked up at the neon Coca-Cola clock and realized with a taut emptiness that he had already stayed too late and perhaps was even now forever lost.
May the merciful gods, if indeed there be such, guard those hours when no power of the will, or drug that the cunning of man devises, can keep me from the chasm of sleep.
My name is Jace Holden, and today is the day I die.
Splendor is a many-splendored splend.
In the Great Years, before the death of Bast and the onset of the Urple Tide, a man arose among the PPC named Jared, called the Slayer.
Mary (who dies at the end, so don't get all surprised like the stupid person who wrote me on my other book) loved Joe, a lot.
Kate had finally agreed to pose under the willow tree.
The heat of the day is somewhat less underground, but even then it is advisable to travel by night in the furthest reaches of the burnt lands.
Once upon a time when the world was young there was a Martian named Smith.
It was a little after seven on a summer morning, and William Potticary was taking his accustomed way over the short down grass of the cliff-top.
What appeared to be an Old-Western shoot-out took place yesterday afternoon at the Boulder Cemetary.
Six North Africans were playing boules beneath Flaubert's statue.
Ticker Troon emerged from his final interview filled with an emulsion of astonishment, elation, respect, and conviction that he needed refreshment.
Mars sucks.
There are two kinds of men in the world, savvy and nosavvy.
It was a dazzling four-sun afternoon.
The evening sky was streaked with purple, the color\u00a0of torn plums, and a light rain had started to fall when I came to the end of the blacktop road that cut through twenty miles of thick, almost impenetrable scrub oak and pine and stopped at the front gate of Angola penitentiary
Hubert Vernon Rudolph Clayton Irving Wilson Alva Anton Jefff Harley Timothy Curtis Cleveland Cecil Oillie Edmund Eli Wiley Marvin Ellis Espinoza was too old to be at a Communist party.
The town was built in the lowlands, risking flood, as if the founders dared the mighty mountains surrounding the town by asking for giant rivulets of detritus, saying "Give me them" to the mountains.
It feels like the afterlife, and none of them are entirely convinced that it isn't.
Pawn shops in Night Vale look like this.
When they'd first met, Jane had looked down on Roxy's drinking habit.
Flickering flames cast long shadows.
MacGyver had grown old.
Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins.
Marcus Tullius Cicero winced when the hot plaster was placed on his chest by his physician, and in the somewhat pettish voice of a semi-invalid he demanded, "What is that stink?"
The sky was gray, fitting for this grim dystopia.
At sixteen, Alaric and Naia were as alike as any two people of opposite sexes can be.
Mma Ramotswe, the daughter of the late Obed Ramotswe of Mochudi, near Gabarone, Botswana, Africa, was the announced fiancee of Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni, son of the late Pumphamilitse Matekoni, of Tlokweng, peasant farmer and latterly chief caretaker of the Railway Head Office.
She wondered why she was afraid to go home.
She was dead.
Outside the lighthouse, the wind was howling, and the sea roared, but in the golden warmth of the living room, nobody was paying much attention to the noise of the storm.
The music room in the Governor's house at Port Mahon, a tall, handsome, pillared octagon, was filled with the triumphant first movement of Locatelli's C major quartet.
Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four, Privet Drive.
He's tracking my time.
Act one, scene one opens run Lillian Hellman clawing her way, stumbling and scrambling, through the thorny nighttime underbrush of some German schwarzwald, a Jewish baby clamped to either of her tits, another brood of infants clinging to her back.
It was half-past twelve when I returned to the Albany as a last desperate resort.
"This is Jasmine," she says.
Ani was gathering tender bibbi shoots when a patch of white on the distant forest floor caught her eye.
The flotillase of the Dead sailed around the world on underwater rivers.
The Tepoktan student, whose blue robe in George Kinton's opinion clashed with the dull purple of his scales, twiddled a three-clawed hand for attention.
I remember him (I have no right to utter this sacred verb, only one man on earth had that right and he is dead) with a dark passion flower in his hand, seeing it as no one has ever seen it, though he might look at it from the twilight of dawn till that of evening, a whole lifetime.
In the pursuit of the business of errantry, most wizards who walk the High Road past the borders of atmosphere swiftly become used to looking up into strange skies - nights with extra moons, days with extra suns, skies with (compared to the observer's homeworld) too many stars or not nearly enough.
When Saffron was eight, and had at last learned to read, she hunted slowly through the color chart pinned up on the kitchen wall.
1.\u2009 YOU, the Anagramancer, stare down the invading MANTICORE: Will you ROMANCE IT (turn to 123), give it CREMATION (turn to 213), or summon EROTIC MAN (turn to 312)?
In an unremarkable room, in a nondescript building, a man sat working on very non-nondescript theories.
Despair could never touch a morning like this.
The Mighty ScreeWee\u2122 Empire\u2122 is poised to attack Earth!
He waltzed into the room , announcing that he had mistaken an axe for a jockstrap, and that nothing had gone well since.
The two thirty-eights roared simultaneously.
Suppose you are contemplating an island.
Her name was Caroline Frances Hubert, and she had three claims to fame.
The temple dedicated to his worship was located below the castle's walls and ramparts, below the towers and spires, below the great hall with its moldering tapestries, below even the dungeons.
A sealed envelope is an enigma containing further enigmas.
"Are my children still alive?"
Once upon a time - more like fifteen years ago, actually - I lived in a privately run dorm for college students in Tokyo.
It was a way of daring fate.
Tony had never intended to raise a child.
Casi stepped outside, enjoying the fresh, clear air of Montana\u2019s Tom Miner Basin.
In retrospect, I set the stage for the disaster because I couldn't stop mouthing off to my big brother.
In glancing over the somewhat incoherent series of Memoirs with which I have endeavoured to illustrate a few of the mental peculiarities of my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I have been struck by the difficulty which I have experienced in picking out examples which shall in every way answer my purpose.
Cat Chant admired his elder sister Gwendolen.
Winslow Remington Houndstooth was not a hero.
It was Phyphor's birthday.
Tuesday the fourteenth of February began badly for Frankie Parsons.
Very few people  know that Pico della Mirandola stole the head of the Winged Victory of Samothrace.
Limp, the body of Gorrister hung from the pink palette; unsupported-- hanging high above us in the computer chamber; and it did not shiver in the chill, oily breeze that blew eternally through the main cavern.
And then there was the day when Addie Moore made a call on Louis Waters.
The evening sky was streaked with purple, the color of torn plums, and a light rain had started to fall when I came to the end of the blacktop road that cut through twenty miles of thick, almost impenetrable scrub oak and pine and stopped at the front gate of Angola penitentiary.
In 1902 Father built a house at the crest of the Broadview Avenue hill in New Rochelle, New York.
It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn\u2019t know what I was doing in New York.
The sixth floor of the Department of Peculiar Science looked exactly like an ordinary office in an ordinary office building and not the slightest bit like the home of a highly secret government agency.
We begin where else but with my mother, Regina Deutsch, second to Pauline, the eldest, each of five girls domiciled, in the course of fatherless years and, as a practical matter, shortly thereafter, motherless ones too, in an orphanage operated for Hebrew youth, in Astoria, New York, and who (Mother! Mother!\u2013that's who) was also, to my mind, morally speaking, I mean, second to the least interesting of the Deutsch girls\u2014which luckless child would be Sylvia, and, as was also so, the youngest of these involuntarily abandoned children, all born here, in the United States, when events in Vienna had given their progenitors sufficient notice such people (Jews, the Jews) would be wise to clear out at all good speed.
The temperature of the room dropped fast.
Now that I am dead, I can finally say what I've been wanting to say for my entire life: FOOLED YOU!
In a corner of the city, inside a tall, narrow house at Number 4 rue Vauborel, on the sixth and highest floor, a sightless sixteen-year-old named Marie-Laure LeBlanc kneels over a low table covered entirely with a model.
A massive, eight-legged lupine form dropped down on Rhonin.
This is the city: Adrilankha, Whitecrest.
I was a happy little girl wearing a pink dress, sitting in our gold minivan, dancing with my doll, Kamara.
As usual, Julian gave her a book.
Growing up during the 1940s in New Iberia, down on the Gulf Coast, I never doubted how the world worked.
Her notebooks, of course, where she'd written down everything she'd learned about surviving Maya dialects, socks, a pint bottle of Scotch she'd bought on a whim at the airport's duty free shop months ago, clean underwear.
Moon Station 2X hummed with activity.
In the nineteenth day of June, when the eminent visitor arrived, Brother Cadfael was in the abbot's garden, trimming off dead roses.
At nine o\u2019clock in the morning, towards the end of November, the Warsaw train was approaching Petersburg at full steam.
"It's time for you to go home," Obi-Wan Kenobi said.
On Tuesday, October 11, 1988, the Jason Taverner Show ran thirty seconds short.
In the last days of the last moonphase of Autumn a wind blew from the northern ranges through the dying forests of Askatevar, a cold wind that smelled of smoke and snow.
The Miss Lonelyhearts of the New York Post-Dispatch (Are you in trouble?\u2014Do-you-need-advice?\u2014Write-to-Miss-Lonelyhearts-and-she-will-help-you) sat at his desk and stared at a piece of white cardboard.
At night she pores over the corpus catalogues online: Incorporated Incorporated, Modern Anatomy, and Shoulders, Knees, & Toes.
The dead ship was a thing of beauty.
"It seems to me that mine is becoming a very important planet, Honorable Shu Mai."
In the dark of dreams, a soul can die.
Her key in the lock wakes us.
The secret entrance to the headquarters of the Septemberist Society could only be reached by submarine.
Rigel seemed puzzled by the idea that he could have \u2018come from\u2019 anywhere.
A green and yellow parrot, which hung in a cage outside the door, kept repeating over and over:
Once upon a time - for that is how all stories should begin -  there was a boy who lost his mother.
"I need you to do this," said Queen Sveta.
Kurt was walking down the hall towards Home Ec when he saw Sam Evans standing at his locker, practically hiding his face in it, and felt a flash of pity.
At twenty-three minutes past eleven Robert Weil drove his 53 registered Volvo V70 across the bridge that links Pease Pottage, the improbably named English village, with Pease Pottage, the motorway service station.
In the world of the Dunelands, Amara was sleeping.
Boys are playing basketball around a telephone pole with a backboard bolted to it.
Gaotona ran his fingers across the thick canvas, inspecting one of the greatest works of art he had ever seen.
"Oh, Amelia Bedelia, your first day of work, and I can't be here."
"I've read many books," said Professor Mephesto, with an odd finality, wearily flattening his hands on the podium, addressing the seventy-six sophomores who sat in easy reverence, immortalizing his every phrase with their pads and pens, and now, as always, giving him the confidence to slowly, artfully dramatize his words, to pause, shrug, frown, gaze abstractly at the ceiling, allow a wan wistful smile to play at his lips and repeat quietly, "many books..."
The Library of Babel is one of those extrusions of pure logic into our universe that you get sometimes, a library of infinite size containing all possible books.
"Are we rising again?"
I have made my decision, Bacchus.
James took Mary's hand \u2014 not in matrimony just yet, but plain physically \u2014 and led her to the altar.
The dame had balls, you had to give her that, and a Jetta.
It's quiet for several small moments.
The black-clad giant moved slowly, silently, like a grotesque late-afternoon shadow, past the shops on Hemlock Street.
Two hundred and forty-six years after Adron's Disaster, Zerika succeeded in retrieving the Orb.
Snow was falling on Riverside, great white feather-puffs that veiled the cracks in the facades of its ruined houses, slowly softening the harsh contours of jagged roof and fallen beam.
"Ever - wait!"
"Croggon Hainey sends his regards, but he isn't up for hire," Josephine Early declared grimly as she crumpled the telegram in her fist.
It looked like any other carnival, but of course it wasn't.
Once upon a time and a very good time it was there was a moocow coming down along the road and this moocow that was coming down along the road met a nicens little boy named baby tuckoo...
Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realized it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were.
The still desert air had a lenselike quality.
There's nothing quite like the sound of breaking glass and the voice of the conductor stating "ladies and gentlemen, i'm afraid we're going to be stuck here for a while," to make your monday morning commute that little bit worse.
Swift of Wallandoon was visibly distraught.
Vellitt Boe was dreaming of a highway and ten million birds in an empty sky of featureless blue.
You always love the awkward child best, don't you?
It was well said of a certain German book that "er lasst sich nicht lesen" --- it does not permit itself to be read.
On the 24th of may, 1863, my uncle, professor Liedenbrock, rushed into his little house, No. 19 K\u00f6ningstrasse, one of the oldest streets in the oldest portion of the city of Hamburg.
Jasnah Kholin pretended to enjoy the party, giving no indication that she intended to have one of the guests killed.
The taxi\u2019s radio was tuned to a classical FM broadcast.
In the early nineteenth century the Catholic Church realized it had a problem.
When Jocelyn Brandon died- at a great age, as magicians tend to do- he left his house and his field-of-care to his grandson, Andrew Brandon Hope.
The morning express bloated with passengers slowed to a crawl, then lurched forward suddenly, as though to resume full speed.
The usually handsome left side of my darling husband\u2019s face spasmed a full 90 degrees into horror when I told him my little secret.
"Considering the circumstances, you could use another lieutenant."
Shadow had done three years in prison.
Lieutenant Jaina Solo rolled her X-wing fighter up on its port S-foil and shoved her throttle forward.
I first met Dean not long after my wife and I split up.
Gliding through the blackness of deep space, the Imperial Star Destroyer Chimaera pointed its mighty arrowhead shape toward the dim star of its target system, three thousandths of a light-year away.
The worst machine in the universe was a marble-grey box no larger than a coffin or shipping trunk.
Anything that happens, happens.
Everything starts somewhere, although many physicists disagree.
It was her fortieth birthday.
"What I can never understand about your Church," said Doctor Taylor, "Is the manner in which it is so uncompromisingly condemns spiritualism."
The way you can go isn't the real way.
Seregil balanced precariously atop the shard-lined wall, impatiently scanning the shadowy garden below for his misplaced partner.
Thomas Abbot is taling about the end of the world, but I can't keep my eyes open.
It all started the night she burst into their rooms.
I was the only person on the island of Manhattan who hated Fridays.
Many years later, as he faced the firing squad, Colonel Aureliano Buendia was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice.
When I look at the three massive manuscript volumes which contain our work for the year 1894, I confess that it is very difficult for me, out of such a wealth of material, to select the cases which are most interesting in themselves, and at the same time most conducive to a display of those peculiar powers for which my friend was famous.
The Lady of the Manners has heard this complaint time and time again from her fellow Goths: "Why should I put so much effort into being polite to people who aren\u2019t going to be considerate to me?"
Far across the surging dunes of moonlit sea, the dark wyrm wheeled and, with a deftness surer than any desert falcon, struck again at the distant and battered caravel.
What in the name of Zeus ever possessed her to buy such a ghastly armoire?
People usually start life by being born.
Keith Harriman, who had for twelve years now been Director of Research at United States Robot and Mechanical Men, Inc., found that he was not at all certain whether he was doing right.
They set a slamhound on Turner's trail in New Delhi, slotted it to his pheromones and the color of this hair.
Major Pettigrew was still upset about the phone call from his brother's wife and so he answered the doorbell without thinking.
It was not, of course, exactly what Jane had written to her sister that long-ago Christmas Eve, but the sentiment was the same.
Ryou Shirogane was right.
The boy with fair hair lowered himself down the last few feet of rock and began to pick his way toward the lagoon.
Late in the winter of my seventeenth year, my mother decided I was depressed, presumably because I rarely left the house, spent quite a lot of time in bed, read the same book over and over, ate infrequently, and devoted quite a bit of my abundant free time to thinking about death.
It was as black in the closet as old blood.
"I HATE THAT HEDGEHOG!"
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Thirty or forty years ago, in one of those grey towns along the Burlington railroad, which are so much greyer today than they were then, there was a house well known from Omaha to Denver for its hospitality and for a certain charm of atmosphere.
While they had been together after being married, exalting in their love, something had been outside the door, exalting in death.
You better not never tell nobody but God.
"Death," the proprietor said clearly, showing the stone.
It was a tough decision.
One evening at supper, Pa asked, "How would you like to work in town, Laura?"
My grandfather used to tell me he was a werewolf.
"It's about time to get this party started, Mr. Ace of Hearts."
The latter part of the fifteenth century prepared a train of future events that ended by raising France to that state of formidable power which has ever since been from time to time the principal object of jealousy to the other European nations
A figure sits atop a weather-beaten rock, clad in white, his legs crossed beneath him.
Hubert Anvil\u2019s voice rose above the sound of the choir and full orchestra, reaching the vertex of the loftiest dome in the Old World and the western doors of the longest nave in Christendom.
As all true prophets know, the lips of fate are tightly sealed, and only the crowbar that is the passing of time can manage to pry them open.
"Try it again," Percy told me.
Louis Peyton never discussed publicly the methods by which he had bested the police of Earth in a dozen duels of wits and bluff, with the psychoprobe always waiting and always foiled.
I'd never given much thought to how I would die - though I'd had reason enough in the last few months - but even if I had, I would not have imagined it like this.
Forty-five minutes north-east of Cambridge is a landscape I've come to love very much indeed.
"In a distant and second-hand set of dimensions, in an astral plane that was never meant to fly, the curling star-mists waver and part ... See .. Great A'Tuin the turtle comes, swimming slowly through the interstellar gulf, hydrogen frost on his ponderous limbs, his huge and ancient shell pocked with meteor craters.
Under flickering streetlights, A walked alone for the first time since she saved Tamee.
I have been arrested.
I bet you're worried.
There was a rock that since the creation of the world had been worked upon by the pure essences of Heaven and the fine savours of Earth, the vigour of sunshine and the grace of moonlight, till at last it became magically pregnant and one day split open, giving birth to a stone egg, about as big as a playing ball.
Nothing but stars, scattered across the blackness as though the Creator had smashed the windscreen of his car and hadn't bothered to stop and sweep up the pieces
The hot air pressed against my face as I entered the glass factory.
If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.
Some people called it "the time of undoing", some, wishing to be more positive, spoke of it as "the replanting" or "the restoring" or even "the resurrection" of the Earth.
The year Janet started at Blackstock College, the Office of Residential Life had spent the summer removing from all the dormitories the old wooden bookshelves that, once filled with books, fell over unless wedged.
This is the story of the different ways we looked for treasure, and I think when you have read it you will see that we were not lazy about the looking.
You would think that it would be impossible to find anything new in the world, creatures that no man has seen before, one-of-a-kind oddities in which nature has taken a backseat to the coursing pulse of the fantastical and the marvelous.
It is the last day of my childhood.
So it's real simple," Mouse was saying.
Wind swept across bleak moorland, carrying with it flurries of rain.
A man stood upon a railroad bridge in northern Alabama, looking down into the swift water twenty feet below.
now is the winter of our discontent made glorious by this son of york; and the clouds that lowered upon our house, in the deep bosom of the ocean buried
Rob McKenna was a miserable bastard and he knew it because he'd had a lot of people point it out to him over the years and he saw no reason to disagree with them except the obvious one which was that he liked disagreeing with people, particularly people he disliked, which included, at the last count, everybody.
I punch the tunes into the jukebox and make sure it's turned up loud.
"Our land is alive, Esperanza," said Papa, taking her small hand as they walked through the gentle slopes of the vineyard.
The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it 'the Riddle House', even though it had been many years sice the Riddle family had lived there.
She was born Anidori-Kiladra Talianna Isilee, Crown Princess of Kildenree, and she did not open her eyes for three days.
The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it "the Riddle House" even though it had been many years since the Riddle family lived there.
Long, long ago a king arrived in the north.
Since the world began there have been two Jeremys.
 The sunshine of a day in early spring, honey pale and honey sweet, was showering over the red brick buildings of Queenslea College and the grounds about them, throwing through the bare, budding maples and elms, delicate, evasive etchings of gold and brown on the paths, and coaxing into life the daffodils that were peering greenly and perkily up under the windows of the co-eds\u2019 dressing-room.
Even among the Wise, animals did not talk.
"Where's the map?" said Julian.
The sun was going down, casting deep shadows over the gorge.
Certain people have said that the world is like a calm pond, and that anytime a person does even the smallest thing, it is as if a stone has dropped into the pond, spreading circles of ripples further and further out, until the entire world has been changed by one tiny action.
She was back at the bar.
Thea stared out the train window.
The turnover at Mideastern Radio was so great that Mickey Lloyd couldn't keep track of his men.
The chief priest sat in the canoe as the boy rowed to the sacred island.
I had been making the rounds of the Sacrifice Poles the day we heard my brother had escaped.
Sometimes wierd shit happens, like me.
A mouse was looking at Mario.
Selena had been in The George with Laurie and Sandra all afternoon, celebrating Laurie\u2019s promotion and bitching about some madam muck in Sandra\u2019s cordon bleu class and inevitably going over the Johnny saga for the millionth time.
Fucking vultures
Lou Searing was watching television in his Grand Haven, Michigan, home.
Cowboy Bret said to Dave (another cowboy), "Now let\u2019s rustle up these cattles."
Dr Strauss says I shoud rite down what I think and remembir and evrey thing that happins to me from now on.
A spot of light appeared on the deep red rug which covered the raw rock of the cave floor.
The air was still and cold, biting into the young boy like a million needle teeth.
She wondered what it would have been like to be perfect.
Another day wasted as guest of the Empress, a wretchedly long tour of the breath-taking Boreal Falls, conducted as ever by the Lady Amilia.
Selden paused in surprise.
There were five of us--Carruthers and the new recruit and myself, and Mr. Spivens and the verger.
The house stood on a cold finger of land that poked out grudgingly into a sullen sea.
 "Shame on you," he scorns at you in anger, "Shame!"
People my wonder how Mitt came to join in the Holand Sea Festival, carrying a bomb, and what he thought he was doing.
It was a thoughtful day for Dr Braun.
Never buy anything at a secondhand organbank.
The war was lost; not finished, but lost.
I never knew anyone so keenly alive to a joke as the king was.
"I raped your sister," cruelly he sneered, "and now she is no problem," and my friends that is the day my heart tore a sunder.
Malcom Cousins groaned in spite of himself.
The history of the Galaxy has got a little muddled, for a number of reasons: partly because those who are trying to keep track of it have got a little muddled, but also because some very muddling things have been happening anyway.
Gavril Nagarian, Lord Drakhaon of Azhkendir, opened the door to Saint Sergius's shrine.
I know I'm not an ordinary ten-sear-old kid.
The big kitchen of the Murrys' house was bright and warm, curtains drawn agains the dark outside, against the rain driving past the house from the northeast.
The rabbit nosed its way carefully through the tall, dry grass.
They were terribly sentimental words, but the fellow sang them as though he meant every syllable.
There was no possiblity of taking a walk that day.
Midway between Old Oba-Nneewi Road and New Oba-Nnewi Road, in that general area bound by the village church and the primary school, and where Mmiri John Road drops off only to begin again, stood our house in Ojoto.
The young girl sat alone in the dark room, gnawing a bone.
The sun has barely crept over the horizon but the gracht is already awash with souls aware to wring a living - or a little more than a living - from the stream of commerce that pulsates through our great city's canals.
The festering mob of meat puppets in their tattered Sunday best shambled aside as I rode Pal down Main Street toward the stark white columns and broad marble steps of the Saguaro Hotel.
Mrs Woolf and I are hardly kindred souls taken all in all but on a room of one's own we agree.
Org of Otterland was not Duke Og and Duchess Dina's first child, for that honor belonged to Natalya, brown-haired, eyed, and furred.
Let me tell you about when I was a girl, our grandfather says.
Gregor had pressed his forehead against the screen for so long, he could feel a pattern of tiny checks above his eyebrows.
New York always brings out the serial killer in me.
Rudolph Reeve sat by himself on the Old Long Barrow on Pallinghurst Common
The granite was cold and rough against the grey-cloaked man\u2019s palms.
After several months of the most arduous research, involving the study of countless manuscripts, Simon Flagg succeeded in summoning the devil.
Over the years I've become accustomed to the following experience.
He had never left the elf homeworld, partially because he preferred to stay with his own people and see his own planet before moving on, and partially because space travel was difficult and expensive.
THE YOUNG CANADIAN, WHO COULD NOT HAVE BEEN MORE than fifteen, had hesitated too long.
If music be the food of love, play on, Give me excess of it, that, surfeiting, The appetite may sicken, and so die.
One dude stood all afternoon at the buffet wearing just his boxers, licking the orange dust off barbecued potato chips.
Elizabeth Khan closed the door of the surgery, and locked it.
If, by the grace of God, I should live three years longer, I will be one hundred years old.
A little more than one hundred days into the fortieth year of her confinement, Dajeil Gelian was visited in her lonely tower overlooking the sea by an avatar of the great ship that was her home.
My name is Melisande Stokes and this is my story.
"But it wasn't meeeeee-"
Then the Bird of A Hundred and Eight Names gathered together her three new children, and she said, "You have passed our people\u2019s tests and joined our ranks, and may leave if you wish.
The dim shadows were kinder to the theater\u2019s dilapidation.
The first thing Wyatt thought when he saw the apartment was that it was beautiful.
On the morning the last Lisbon daughter took her turn at suicide - it was Mary this time, and sleeping pills, like Therese, the two paramedics arrived at the house knowing exactly where the knife drawer was, and the gas oven, and the beam in the basement from which it was possible to tie a rope.
The hall was loud with drunken Harlaws, distant cousins all.
On the morning after the Feds burned down her house and took her father, Havaa woke from dreams of sea anemones.
Why did you come to the United States?
Neon lights always make the night seem warmer; it's psychological.
There was going to be a funeral.
Every time I come down here I think about my mother.
If anyone had been looking closely at the duke of Darkwater as His Grace approached the double doors of the ballroom, he would have noticed the Duke held himself somewhat stiffly.
Tune your ear to the frequency of despair, and cross-reference by the longitude and latitude of a heart in agony.
I was born in a house with a million rooms, built on a small, airless world in the edge of an empire of light and commerce that the adults called the Golden Hour, for a reason I did not yet grasp.
With many expressions of sympathy and interest Edith listened to the story of my dream.
All things considered, Harold "Barry" James Hallwinter did not lead an interesting life.
I knew the boy was going to be trouble the moment he walked into the tavern.
Mr Spock, in his old place at the science officer's station, gazed around at the familiar bridge of the Enterprise.
I used to think our town, buried in the South Carolina backwoods, stuck in the muddy bottom of the Santee River valley, was the middle of nowhere.
It was the dog who found me.
Dr. Weiss, at forty, knew that her life had been ruined by literature.
Autumn had come by the time I rolled through the cloverleaf and off the highway.
Every evening she wakes you up too early, singing the songs of the fishering girls
Okay, I got one.
In his dreams, he saw a world unlike anything he\u2019s ever seen before.
On Dreamer\u2019s Plain, the gathering of delegations from the Twelve Crowns of Raine for the coronation of the Queen of Raine looked like an invading army.
Once there was a village on a river in a southern country.
The morning sun greeted her like a furious torch.
Call made a few final tweaks to his robot right before sending him into the "ring" - a section of his garage floor outlined in blue chalk.
She has the dream again that night.
In the forest, a sparrow died.
The naked man who lay splayed out on his face beside the swimming pool might have been dead.
Bill never realized that sex was the cause of it all.
The future did not arrive.
On Christmas Eve, the children of Doctor Stahlbaum were not allowed into the family room, let alone the adjoining living room.
In June, the book club was at Zoe's house, which meant that Elizabeth had to carry her heavy ceramic bowl of spinach salad with walnuts and bits of crumbled goat cheese a grand total of half a block.
There is too much stress everywhere on the art of winning and not nearly enough anywhere on the art of losing.
Aisling\u2019s mother died at midsummer.
No-one could have predicted what happened, a disaster that saw many of the world\u2019s greatest racers either dead or in a coma.
Of all the people God created and Sheitan led astray, only a few have discovered the Centre of the Universe \u2013 where there is no good and no evil, no past and no future, no 'I' and no 'thou', no war and no reason for war, just an endless sea of calm.
In five years, the penis will be obsolete.
Never stand on a chair with wheels.
This is the story of a lover's triangle, I suppose you'd say - Arnie Cunningham, Leigh Cabot, and, of course, Christine.
The world begins anew, starting now.
Stephen knew today felt wrong, as he listened to "Heart Cooks Brain," by the band "Modest Mouse," from the album "Lonesome Crowded West."
The sun was high in the sky.
The miracle happened on West Seventy-Fourth Street, in the home where Mama worked.
Ingridan was an ancient city.
Tamera Lyons, 1st-year student at Pembleton: I can't believe it.
It is our intention to preserve in these pages what scant biographical material we have been able to collect concerning Joseph Knecht, or Ludi Magister Josephus III, as he is called in the Archives of the Glass Bead Game.
People may wonder how Mitt came to join in the Holand Sea Festival, carrying a bomb, and what he thought he was doing.
Twelve X-wing snubfighters roared down into the atmosphere.
It was more than a flirtation \u2014 he parted her labia like Moses did the Red Sea.
On November 8, 1895, 36 years after the discovery of cathode rays, William Konrad Roentgen Discovered "a new kind of ray" which blackened photographic film and which he termed an x-ray.
Fathom had never thought of himself as anyone special, and he certainly wasn't expecting that to change the day of the animus test.
Captain Crozier comes up on deck to find his ship under attack by celestial ghosts.
The electrical fireflies were hovering above Mother's dark hair to light her path.
Toward sundown Skeen heard the howls of a saayungka pack and knew the P\u2019jaa were after her.
He owned his insanity like a woman owned a favourite pair of kitten heels.
Amahast was already awake when the first light of approaching dawn began to spread across the ocean.
Mr. Jones, of the Manor Farm, had locked the hen-houses for the night, but was too drunk to remember to shut the pop-holes.
I was dozing when I heard the scream.
"Junior!" bellowed Pater.
I walked into the reference section.
It was a week before the Lhari ship went into warp-drive, and all that time young Bart Steele had stayed in his cabin.
The wintry sky was blemished by black stains that whirled and circled high overhead, their ugly squawks raining down upon the ears of the men below.
Lightning has struck me all my life.
I've done the thing where I'm awake but haven't yet opened my eyes.
My brother had just been appointed Secretary of Nevada Territory - an office of such majesty that it concentrated in itself the duties and dignities of treasurer, comptroller, secretary of state, and acting governor in the governor\u2019s absence.
Mma Ramotswe was sitting alone in her favourite cafe, on the edge of the shopping centre at the Gaborone end of the Tlokweng Road.
Water thundered down from the mountaintop, screening the entrance to the cave with a shimmering cascade.
We only have a few hours, so listen carefully.
The starship CNE Caragana slipped down out of a night sky, its grey and scarlet hull illuminated by the pale iridescence of the massive ion storms which beset space for lightyears in every direction.
Harry Was a highly unusual boy in many ways.
We were fairly accustomed to receive weird telegrams at Baker Street, but I have a particular recollection of one which reached us on a gloomy February morning, some seven or eight years ago, and gave Mr. Sherlock Holmes a puzzled quarter of an hour.
I'm not sure why I followed the boy.
Describe, using diagrams where appropriate, the exact circumstances leading to your death.'
It was six o'clock of a March morning, and still dark.
I ignored the questions in the eyes of the groom as I lowered the grisly parcel and turned the horse in for care and maintenance.
There were two hundred and fifty-six places where a man could hide within his own flesh.
Many years later she remembered how her parents had looked to her when she was a small child: her father as tall as a tree, and merry and bright and golden, with her beautiful black-haired mother at his side.
The night was cool, and above the village hills the stars hurled down their ancient light-borne messages.
Damn, but she hated Sipani.
Mr. Hungerton, her father, really was the most tactless person upon earth-- a fluffy, feathery, untidy cockatoo of a man, perfectly good-natured, but absolutely centered upon his own silly self.
Illiterates, abecedarians, elitists, rodents all - I will tell you this: I, Zebra, born Bibi Abbas Abbas Hosseini on a scorching August day in 1982, am a descendant of a long ling of self-taught men who repeatedly abandoned their capital, Tehran, where blood has been washed with blood for a hundred years, to take refuge in Nowshahr, in the languid, damp regions of Mazandaran.
"You know, Ms. Landry, you have the best skin I've ever seen on a corpse," Ember Denning told the body lying before her.
I fling open my bedroom curtains, and there's the thirsty sky and the wide river full of ships and boats and stuff, but I'm already thinking of Vinny's chocolaty eyes, shampoo down Vinny's back, beads of sweat on Vinny's shoulders, and Vinny's sly laugh, and by now my heart's going mental and, God, I wish I was waking up at Vinny's place in Peacock Street and not in my own stupid bedroom.
The snow in the mountains was melting and Bunny had been dead for several weeks before we came to understand the gravity of our situation.
They came down to the emergency ward at noon and sat on the bench just behind the swinging doors that led in from the ambulance parking slot.
My suffering left me sad and gloomy.
Mandy came out of the all-night Vurt-U-Want, clutching a bag of goodies.
I stood silently in the farthest corner of the dark room when I was finally admitted, head bowed, hands clamped tightly behind my back, left wrist clasped in a death grip by my right fist, shoulders straight, stomach flat, unconsciously presenting.
Some things are so small, so miniscule, so atomically insignificant, they can be seen only from three feet away using the Hubble telescope.
We all come from somewhere.
Two Ages ago, the doomed island of Serendair survived one cataclysm, when the burning star that came to be known as the Sleeping Child fell from the sky into the sea, taking much of the coastline, but sparing the middle lands.
Picture the woods above Shimboku, the early afternoon sun a white smear in the clouds.
I was ever of opinion, that the honest man who married and brought up a large family, did more service than he who continued single and only talked of population.
"Son, defenestration is your only option."
Ever since I can remember, I had wanted to know about the Land of the Golden Mountain, but my mother had never wanted to talk about it.
I want to tell you the circumstances in which I first encountered Hannibal Lecter, M.D.
When I left my office that beautiful spring day, I had no idea what was in store for me.
The rain started just as the train pulled out of Ayase Station.
The sea speaks.
On the night it all began, a full moon hung over Brick Lane, casting everything in a pearly glow.
Flames shot high, turning the night lurid with carneval light.
Sophia Garfield had a clear mental picture of what the outbreak of war was going to be like.
As she woke up in the pod, she remembered three things.
"Nobody move!" Pete Crenshaw cried.
The snapshots had become almost as dim as memories.
Until he was for years old, James Henry Trotter had a happy life.
It was reliably reported by several persons that a rain of stones fell from a clear blue sky on Carlin Street in the town of Chamberlain on August 17th.
The thing was: One mil\u00adlion years ago, back in 1986 A.D., Guayaquil was the chief sea\u00adport of the lit\u00adtle South Amer\u00adi\u00adcan democ\u00adracy of Ecuador, whose cap\u00adi\u00adtal was Quito, high in the Andes Moun\u00adtains.
Fawn came to the well-house a little before noon.
By the time d\u00e5ddy gets his t\u00e5il unkn\u00f8tted, \u00e5ll the tunnels between here \u00e5nd the p\u00e5l\u00e5ce will h\u00e5ve c\u00f8ll\u00e5psed!
On a certain day in June, 19--, a young man was making his way northward from the great City to a town or place called Edgewood, that he had been told of but had never visited.
It is a warm evening in early Summer; the sun is setting behind a long range of fir and yew-clad hills, at the feet of which twists in and out, as it follows their curves, a placid, peaceful river.
The girl came toward him across the silent room.
Master was a little crazy; he had spent too many years reading books overseas, talked to himself in his office, did not always return greetings, and had too much hair.
It clawed its way out of Katie, bit through the cord and started clearing.
September in Pine Cove is a sigh of relief, a nightcap, a long-deserved nap.
The night was rank with the smell of man.
We left on a school day, so Esther wouldn't see us.
Truman Held drove slowly into the small town of Chicokema as the two black men who worked at the station where he stopped for gas were breaking for lunch.
She would never have fit as neatly into the trunk of his own car.
The optimization of law enfrocement agencies activities is the most important direction of the development of modern Russian government.
I possess the Englishman's usual ambivalent attitude to the police.
Leia couldn't help but cringe at the sounds of her father yelling in the next room.
I never wanted any of this.
It was in June of 1935 that I came home from my ranch in South America for a stay of about six months.
I woke up in bed with a man and a cat.
Terminal F at the Philadelphia International Airport is the end of the airport, but it feels like the end of the world.
CAN there, my good Sir, be any thing more painful to a friendly mind, than a necessity of communicating disagreeable intelligence?
Fifteen years ago when I left China for the United States, I wanted to forget the dreams my peers and I used to have.
If you deal in death routinely, there are two paths.
The sun shone, having no alternative.
Mrs. Rachel Lynda lived just where the Avonela main road dipped down into a little hollow, fringed with alders and ladies' eardrops and traversed by a brook that had its source away back in the woods of the old Cuthbert place; it was reputed to be an intricate, headlong brook in its earlier course through those woods, with dark secrets of pool and cascade; but by the time it reached Lynde's Hollow it was a quiet, well-conducted little stream, for not even a brook could run past Mrs. Rachel Lynde's door without due regard for decency and decorum; it probably was conscious that Mrs. Rachel was sitting at her window, keeping a sharp eye on everything that passed, from brooks and children up, and that if she noticed anything odd or out of place she would never rest until she had ferreted out the whys and wherefores thereof.
Theo had been climbing since dawn; first on the steep roads and paths and sheep-tracks behind the city, then across slopes of shifting scree, and up at last on to the bare mountainside, keeping where he could to corries and crevices where the blue shadows pooled.
Sha stands up in the garden where she has been working and looks into the distance.
Look at this Ronald!'
I'd been to the office no more than twenty minutes that morning.
The Orchestrion swooped low, singing its steam and metal tune over the precariously stacked roofs and chimneys and balconies of Argent Town.
Authors who write in the first person cannot expect their readers to be seriously concerned about the survival of the main character.
The spice filled up my taste buds, and was quite lovely.
First there was only the empty golden circle of the hot spot, blazing against the silk curtains.
Don't get me wrong: I love the restaurant business.
It was the seawind woke him, as his head drooped lower over the close-scrawled book.
If you felt ready to die, wanted death bad enough, and had little enough to live for, The Reckoner would grant your wish and fall on you.
The woman was tall, blonde, green-eyed and beautiful.
It was late January, and New England wore a fresh coat of snow as I stepped along the gangplank to the shore.
Two clever London gentlemen.
One evening in Toronto, the gods Apollo and Herme were at the Wheat Sheaf Tavern.
The madness of an autumn prairie cold front coming through.
Sunday morning, Ordell took Louis to watch the white-power demonstration in downtown Palm Beach.
THEY LEFT THE aqueduct two hours before dawn, climbing by moonlight into the hills overlooking the port \u2013 six men in single file, the engineer leading.
The home was a small yellow cottage on an empty street.
Nothing but stars, scattered across the blackness as if the Creator had smashed the windscreen of his car and hadn't bothered to stop to sweep up the pieces.
Minks\u2014Herbert Montmorency\u2014was now something more than secretary, even than private secretary: he was confidential-private-secretary, adviser, friend; and this, more because he was a safe receptacle for his employer's enthusiasms than because his advice or judgment had any exceptional value.
Goldie Roth hated the punishment chains.
In the small and stormy bay below the little village of Fishcake, the sea was coming in.
A host of sparrows were hopping through the bright-berried pyracantha outside the kitchen window.
Where the FUCK am I????
Soon after three o'clock on the afternoon of April 22nd, 1973, a 35-year-old architect named Robert Maitland was driving down the high-speed exit lane of the Westway interchange in central London.
It had been such an agreeable day until then.
It's the sixth night when the hunters find us.
A bright flash of insight, to match that peculiar sun . . . .
The way I figure it, everyone gets a miracle.
It is a Wonder, really - one of the great Wonders, as William Heelis used to say - how the course of a person's life can be altered, utterly and completely, by a moment so innocent one may not even notice that it has happened.
Ned Mathey hung up his hat as he came back into his chambers from the square outside, and his clerk Miss Cordelia Frost looked up from her desk with an expression of mild curiosity.
The trouble started the day Howard came home from school to find the Goon sitting in the kitchen.
Shadow Market nights were Kit's favorite.
SHE WAS BORN a thing and as such would be condemned if she failed to pass the encephalograph test required of all newborn babies.
Everything starts sonewhere, although many physicists disagree.
I was driving east on the Eisenhower Expressway when the Teatime Anarchist dropped the Ashland Avenue overpass on top of me, using enough C4 to bring the whole southbound span down at once.
Michelle wasn't sure when everyone started hanging out at the Albion.
"Yes!" shrieked Salem Rews, quartermaster of his August Majesty's First Regiment.
The kitchen was full of the smells of baking.
I got off to a bad start at Bat Masterson Junior High School.
"Good heavens," Jonathan murmured when he looked at the sky, for the heavens he saw were not good at all.
Time slows when he moves fast enough.
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
Andrea's alarm woke me.
It was a morning in the middle of April, and the Jackson family were consequently breakfasting in comparative silence.
Fog rose from the river, great billows of white weaving into the soot and smoke of the city of Corvere, to become the hybrid thing that the more popular newspapers called smog and the Times "miasmic fog."
"I suppose that your first serious discovery, Dr. Pilman, should be considered what is now called the Pilman Radiant?"
For a short while during the year I was ten, I thought only people I did not know died.
"Aunt Bee," said Jane, breathing heavily into her soup, "was Noah a cleverer back-room boy than Ulysses, or was Ulysses a cleverer back-room boy than Noah?"
A-hind of hill, ways off to sun-set-down, is sky come like as fire, and walk I up in way of this, all hard of breath, where is grass colding on I's feet and wetting they.
Party till you drop, man!
Kane dealt prescription drugs in Ashford; the Gateway to Europe.
It was one of those bleak and chilly mornings that remind you winter is coming.
Open the box, Jorg.
My friend Nicholas Brady, who in his own mind helped save the world, was born in Chicago in 1928 but then moved right to California.
Some things start before other things.
There are those who require witnesses to their doom.
The episode of the Black Cloud has always had a great fascination for me.
Of all the problems which have been submitted to my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes for solution during the years of our intimacy, there were only two which I was the means of introducing to his notice, that of Mr. Hatherley's thumb, and that of Colonel Warburton's madness.
In the week before their departure to Arrakis, when all the final carrying about had reached a nearly unbearable frenzy, an old crone came to visit the mother of the boy, Paul.
It was my eleventh birthday.
She had the kind of face that made you want to say hey, look at your face.
"The man," said my friend Marty Gilmartin, "is an absolute... a complete... an utter and total..."
Rigel ran through the rising sandstorm, internally cursing himself.
Pat stood before the door at the bottom of the stair, reading the names underneath the buttons.
Once upon a time, a little girl named Laura traveled in a covered wagon across the giant prairie.
The child's world changed late one afternoon, though she didn't know it.
In the dying days of the Gzilt civilisation, before its long-prepared-for elevation to something better and the celebrations to mark this momentous but joyful occasion, one of its last surviving ships encountered an alien vessel whose sole task was to deliver a very special party-goer to the festivities.
I clasp the flask between my hands even though the warmth from the tea has long since leached into the frozen air.
Only five remained.
It's twenty past ten at night and I'm being escorted through the glass-fronted atrium of a certain office building in central London.
Things started to fall apart at home when my brother, Jaja, did not go to communion and Papa flung his heavy missal across the room and broke the figurines on the etagere
"So I often hook my foot over the side of the mattress."
The elegant travelling carriage which bore Miss Wychwood from her birthplace, on the border of Somerset and Wiltshire, to her home in Bath, proceeded on its way at a decorous pace.
May I state now, once and for all, that I did not see the bucket.
Ede remarks, shortly after my father dies, that suicide is a death which leaves its traces, and at the time I find the idea almost comforting.
Where to finish?
Roger Wakefield stood in the center of the room, feeling surrounded.
The chatter and gaiety of the feast had been stilled, and although the candles still burned brightly, fear and apprehension darkened the Great Hall of Castle Glaun.
The year 1866 was signalised by a remarkable incident, a mysterious and inexplicable phenomenon, which doubtless no one has yet forgotten.
the thing i think i'll never forget is the smell.
Davina Nuttel sat in the back seat of a limousine with a driver and read about herself in a magazine.
The mean loudmouths at Orangedale High just didn\u2019t understand Timmy, who only wanted to stay quiet and read and appreciate nature.
The TARDIS was crashing.
Ten and a half hours before a mounted knight with a machine gun tried to kill her, tech journalist Miriam Beckstein lost her job.
It was early June, which in Michigan meant one could almost count on summer being here to stay.
The listing on the BHG\u2019s board was ambiguous at best, and that\u2019s how you should\u2019ve known not to even give it a second glance.
it is a darke and stormy night
Kitty's been a little complainer all morning, and I suspect both Margot and Daddy are suffering from New Year's Eve hangovers.
"Matrimony was ordained, thirdly," said Jane Studdock to herself, "for the mutual society, help, and comfort that the one ought to have of the other."
Ten years ago in the war, the only thing in which I thought I would be was "the shit," not this mansion where I live at now.
I can see by my watch, without taking my hand from the left grip of the cycle, that it is eight-thirty in the morning.
The horrible conclusion which had been gradually obtruding itself upon my confused and reluctant mind was now an awful certainty.
The sex I had with a girl last night filled me with a feeling of 100% Grade A joy.
Diplomats said to be linked with fugitive terrorist known as Carlos
"You must wait here," the Highest of the High Priests told her.
For the most wild, yet homely narrative which I am about to pen, I neither expect nor solicit belief.
Schools used to be known as centers of freedom.
There are gods in Alabama: Jack Daniel's, high school quarterbacks, trucks, big tits, and also Jesus.
It was five o'clock on a winter's morning in Syria.
The morning sun shone gently through the thick curtains of the Canterlot castle guest bedroom as Twilight Sparkle stirred beneath the sheets.
They'd finally finished preparations for the raft, and Sora wasn't thinking about his dream any longer, not with the excitement of leaving and the twisting confusion over Kairi's words - let's take the raft and go \u2013 just the two of us!
She flinched, hearing the sounds of yelling from outside the shop.
Americans are considered crazy anywhere n the world.
"I want you to come with me to the airport, Dr. Lejeune," Dr. Young said.
"If we stay here more than just this night, I'm chopping your priced meat worms so they won't ever be near any wet ground again and I'm going to feed them to any hungry monster I lay my eyes upon," the petite brunette said calmly, too sweetly for the message she was sending; her demeanor was peaceful but her eyes were murderous.
He was born with a gift of laughter and a sense that the world was mad.
A beam of pale gold light cut the blue smoke-dimmed atmosphere of the Kasbek, a beam that was focused on the arched door set under the staircase through which the artistes of the cabaret made their interest.
In the course of his meteoric career as Secretary of State for the Home Department, the Right Honorable Topham Vinson instituted many reforms and earned the reformer's whack of praise and blame.
Owen had the sneaking suspicion that he had chosen the wrong major.
We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the drugs began to take hold.
As the sun set over the southern kingdom of Pallava, a vast crowd gathered in a park in Kanchipuram, the elegant state capital.
There was a skull on Tony's desk when he got to work.
Up in that part the water smelled rivery.
He'd had so many names over the centuries, so many new identities that he could scarcely remember who he had originally been.
I was down in Surrey, on business for Lord Cromwell's office, when the summons came.
In the summer of 2255, the San Francisco fog was like a living entity.
I went back to the Devon School not long ago, and found it looking oddly newer than when I was a student there fifteen years before.
I collapsed joints and hung up to talk with Dak-whirr.
"Arlo!" Arlo!" called the birds, soaring over the surf.
In the near-darkness of the crowded room, violet lights glittered.
Mr and Mrs Dursley of number four Privet Drive were proud to say they were perfectly normal, thank you very much
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the riverbank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book', thought Alice, 'without pictures or conversation?
Nadine ran through the bramble, hands upraised to ward off the sting of slapping thorns, her apron stained with the juice of blackberries long since scattered in her wake.
I should have known when I didn\u2019t hear whooping and hollering and congratulations from Chornohora Station when I crossed the finish plane.
At three-thirty a.m. on the night of June 5, 1992, the top telepath in the Sol System fell off the map in offices of Runciter Associates in New York City.
Richard did not become frightened until darkness began to settle over the woods.
Once upon a time, a girl named September grew very tired indeed of her parents' house, where  she washed the same pink and yellow teacups and matching gravy boats every day, slept on the same  embroidered pillow, and played with the same small and amiable dog.
You would think that my return home from over a year on Zorbus would be met with celebration, excitement, and a sense of victory.
Bon Agornin writhed on his deathbed, his wings beating as if he would fly to his new life in his old body.
When the announcement comes, and the lights flash in the distance, I step over the yellow line and steady my feet.
I remember how it used to be: I walked down the street and the street was empty and full of people, livid sky, the sun low under the clouds, striking straight into my eyes as I went.
God wasn\u2019t answering tonight.
"Colonel, riders coming."
Herewiss sat cross-legged on the parquest floor, his back braced against the wall, his eyes closed, and concentrated.
Fran finished casting the circle.
My lover is experiencing reverse evolution.
 Serin pulled Rylek through the growing crowd of people, dodging between oblivious bystanders, moving carts, and the occasional building.
My name is Thrall.
Jack Torrance thought: Officious little prick.
If the following pages are ever to see the light of day it will be because they have been stolen from me.
Uh, hi, yeah, is this the Let's Talk Hotline for... mental health issues, and stuff?
The street was darkened by a smoky sunset, and light had not yet come on in the lamps near the empty house.
It was pleasant to Dr. Watson to find himself once more in the untidy room of the first floor in Baker Street which had been the sarting point of so many remarkable adventures.
Let the eye of your imagination be a camera...
Life was good before I met the monster.
The kitchen door banged open.
A man sits in a room, manipulating his kneecaps.
Alone in the vastness of the Mohave, at two o'clock in the morning, racing along at seventy miles per hour, I felt safe and believed that any terror might await me was many miles ahead.
Each year, at the end of March, a great fair was hild in Cr\u00eda, the capital of Galla.
Petrograd smelt of carbolic acid.
The flesh of mercy.
It was on a Monday, April second\u2014I was cruising in the vicinity of Betelgeuse\u2014when a meteor no larger than a lima bean pierced the hull, shattered the drive regulator and part of the rudder, as a result of which the rocket lost all maneuverability.
"Bring me the light of your love," Steve purred into my ears.
"In one fell swoop," declared Professor C. Cydwick Ohms, releasing a thin blue ribbon of pipe-smoke and rocking back on his heels, "\u2014I intend to solve the greatest problem facing mankind today."
Serene was a word you could put to Brooklyn, New York.
In the beginning Eru, the One, who in the Elvish tongue is named Il\u00favatar, made the Ainur of his thought; and they made a great Music before him.
Things started to fall apart at home when my brother, Jaja, did not go to communion and Papa flung his heavy missal across the room and broke the figurines on the \u00e9tag\u00e9re.
When I was fifteen and trying to show my independence by getting careless with my diet, my parents took me to a Duryea-Gode disease ward.
This is the  story of a man who went far away for a long time, just to play a game.
An old blue Ford pulled into the guarded parking lot that morning, looking like a small, tired dog after a hard run.
I stood up.
"Let's wait just a bit longer, please," said the girl in dark-blue trousers and the light summer coat.
THE CHANGELING'S DECISION TO STEAL A DRAGON AND ESCAPE was born, though she did not know it then, the night the children met to plot the death of their supervisor.
The Fleet of the Godless came to the waters around Au by chance.
When John left me he took with him my heart, my soul, my everything \u2014 which included my happiness, my appetite, my energy, and even my tears!!
"Apart from causing some fifty thousand deaths," said my uncle Charles, "the first atomic bomb has much to answer for."
Dorothy lived in the midst of the great Kansas prairies, with Uncle Henry, who was a farmer, and Auntie Em, who was the farmer's wife.
For fifteen years now, the Hurrians had maintained their base on the other side of the moon.
Sollux Captor was a low-atmosphere cargo hauler full of stolen mining equipment the first time he died.
we/i unfurl.
In Da Trang's nightmares, Pearl is always leaving - darting away from him, toward the inexorable maw of the sun's gravity, going into a tighter and tighter orbit until no trace of it remains - he's always reaching out, sending a ship, a swarm of bots - calling upon the remoras to move, sleed and deadly and yet too agonizingly slow, to do anything, to save what they can.
I've heard it said that manners are more complex in primitive societies\u2014that it is easier to give accidental offense in, for example, the Island kingdoms of Elde or Greenaere, or among the Serioli, or the Jenoine, or the various kingdoms of my own Eastern people, than among the more civilized Dragaerans.
"Harvest is ended and summer is gone," quoted Anne Shirley, gazing across the shorn fields dreamily.
Elijah Brody was being attacked by butterflies.
Craw chewed the hard skin around his nails, just like he always did.
Today I\u2019ve made a major decision: I am never going to die.
The blood came pouring into her mouth like a waterfall of gore and violence.
They watched the multiple independent re-entry vehicles approach in the night's sky, illuminated by a string of bright lights along their exteriors.
He was the succ
For three straight nights Zoe dreamed about the black dog.
No one who had ever seen Catherine Morland in her infancy, would have supposed her born to be an heroine.
During the winter of 1927-28 officials of the Federal government made a strange and secret investigation of certain conditions in the ancient Massachusetts seaport of Innsmouth.
Howard Roark laughed.
The music in the shop was too loud, but he ignored it as he ventured into the harshly-lit depths, his head turning, bird-like, as he sought what he needed.
My first day on the job coincided with the first day of the Haden Walkout, and I'm not going to lie, that was some awkward timing.
Blinded by the headlights, Sumner Kagan lunged off the road and slid down the dir embankment into the dark.
Fifty thousand people had come to the Suffolk Air show on the east coast of England.
We had dined at sunset on the broad roof of the old tower, because it was cooler there during the great heat of summer.
Beyond the spaceport gates, the men of the Kharsa were hunting down a thief.
it was Nicko's first night out of the House of Foryx, and Jenna thinks he is going a little crazy.
It began, as the greatest of storms do begin, as a mere tremor in the air, a thread of sound so distant and faint, yet so ominous, that the ear that was sharp enough to catch it instantly pricked and shut out present sounds to strain after it again, and interpret the warning.
On a dreary winter's day, with rain sweeping across Lyonesse Town, Queen Sollace went into labour.
One day when Pooh Bear had nothing else to do, he thought he would do something, so he went round to Piglet's house to see what Piglet was doing.
I was born in this mountain village longer ago than I like to remember.
Spring came late to the Land Between the Mountains in the year Gammage 885.
During the autumn of 18--, while on a tour through the extreme southern provinces of France, my route led me within a few miles of a certain Maison de Sante or private mad-house, about which I had heard much in Paris from my medical friends.
Once upon a time there were two girls.
I am the recording angle, doomed to watch.
Dead tired, I headed "home" in the early evening Las Vegas Strip traffic.
I think that everything, or at least the part of everything that happened to me, started with the Roman architecture mix-up.
\ufffc Scholarship asks, thank God, no recompense but Truth.
One calm and cloudless evening, towards the end of April, Snufkin found himself far enough to the north to see still unmelted patches of snow on the northern slopes.
I has just come to accept that my life would be ordinary wjem extraordinary things began to happen.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
Marise had never once seen the sun, or breathed fresh air.
This could have occurred nowhere but in England, where men and sea interpenetrate, so to speak - the sea entering into the life of most men, and the men knowing something or everything about the sea, in the way of amusement, of travel, or of bread-winning.
The door had not even finished wheezing shut, but I was already on the balcony.
There are still clubs in London.
